okay so we're gonna go flight a p-51 see
today for airplane of the day no I'll
get yeah well because I haven't warmed
it up yet okay looking up in here we're
looking for hydraulic leaks we're
looking for anything that looks broken
that's great
radiator looks okay scoop thing is out
we usually keep birds and stuff out of
their stacks all a good same thing on
this side although we're looking for the
governor of pressure when looking for
400 pounds everything looks good here
looking for brake leaks all looks good
make sure everything is not dinged
broken or scratched it's got plenty of
fuel radiators up great oil okay I trust
my guys controls won't look good
the elevators on them early Mustangs
were fabric the rudders on all of them
our fabric it's pretty cool of course
this is a red tail paint job Tuskegee
Airmen with Lee Archer looking good okay
where I can get it
parachute is actually the seat cushion
itself so it's always nice to have that
available although the only reason we
jump out of this thing is that it was a
pretty sizable fire or the wing came off
or there was a hundred Messersmith after
me I'd do the best I could
seat belt tight first then we do the
full harnesses
and the things locked but there's
actually a little thing over here that I
can unlock and lean for now lock that
before take off route all the radio
cables so I'm not in the way okay first
thing we do is the flaps come up we've
got the ram air on I'm going to go ahead
and leave the radiator and the oil
cooler automatic switch is in the off
position rudder trim is set to five
degrees right rudder set the elevator
trim to just a little bit nose up a
Tehran's level I'll cut off props pull
forward that's the bomb release and
that's basically we don't use that okay
fuel is on looking how much we've got
appears to be fuel that's the right
gauge in the wing that's the left gauge
in the wing and we're going to start off
with the left because the carburetor
overflow actually goes back to the left
tank so if we had the left tank full and
we took off on the right tank and the
carburetor field that we'd start over
flowing fluid out of the left tank
pushing the hydraulic accumulator
release so the hydraulic pressure will
work go ahead and turn on the battery
the generator now the reason I turned
these off is because if I would if I
would have turned them into the
automatic position you can listen to the
radiator shut
so I don't mess with that until I've
actually got it started so we got there
I got a prime it and the early Mustangs
he actually had to manually prime the
engine and so I got fuel pressure over
here with the fuel pressure pump on a
couple of squirts let's lock that that's
still up throttle crack and I have not
flown this in a while so I'm going to
have to pre all the engine
you didn't pre-oiled the engine did
what that does is it's going to
pressurize the system so I've got a wall
pressure
and it's going to pump oil up through
the crankshaft
you know takes about two minutes to get
away
I am actually
here lock
very important
toughie
minute
I'm putting out 100 psi and it's just
pumping the oil into the
all the part before we actually start
moving on
that we do this violence on the airplane
in about seaweed
flying on a regular
to help watch
okay that was about two minutes